Release 6.3.0 (#758)
SwiftGen/SwiftGen: Documentation/templates/MigrationGuide.md

# SwiftGen 6.3 Templates Migration Guide

There are no major changes in the templates, only a small deprecation notice:

> In the `fonts` templates, we're deprecating the generated `Font` typealias. So if you were using it somewhere in your own code, create your own typealias, or use the platform sepcific type such as `UIFont`/`NSFont`. The `Font` typealias will be removed in the next major release of SwiftGen.

Author: ```suggestion
In the `fonts` templates, we're deprecating the generated `Font` typealias. So if you were using it somewhere in your own code, you should instead create your own typealias, or use the platform-specific type such as `UIFont`/`NSFont`. The `Font` typealias will be removed in the next major release of SwiftGen.
```
